I feel like my old self again: totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic - it's a pleasure.
This is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive.
Well there's nothing dirtier than a big ball of oil.
The sea was angry that day, my friends - like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli.
My life is the complete opposite of everything I want to be.
So that's one tuck, and one no tuck.
You know, if you take everything I've done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent.
My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.
I think I can sum up the show for you with one word - nothing.
Who buys an umbrella anyway - you can get them for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans.
Feel - what's that?
I was in the pool! I was in the pool!
When you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy.
If she can't find me, she can't break up with me.
Lunch is fine at the beginning, then you move on to dinner. You don't move back to lunch - it's like being demoted.
My whole life has been a complete waste of time.
I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind their backs.
The mug is round, the jar is round - they should call it Roundtine.
Believe it or not, George isn't home, please leave a message at the beep, I must be out or I'd pick up the phone, where could I be?
It's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes.
But I'm disturbed, I'm depressed, I'm inadequate: I've got it all!
Well, the jerk-store called, and they're running out of you.
A man without hand is not a man.
I proclaim this the summer of George!
My dream is to become hopeless. When you're hopeless, you don't care, and when you don't care, that indifference makes you attractive.
Like I don't know that I'm pathetic.
This was supposed to be the summer of George! 
I wish there were pigmen. You get a few of these pigmen walking around, I'm looking a whole lot better. 
I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity.
Did anybody call here asking for Vandeley Industries?
We all know that Twix is the only candy bar with the cookie crunch.
I hope prune juice is okay.
He's an importer/exporter, okay?
We're aware of the proximity to the park, yes.
Because filth is good...Whaddaya you think: rock stars have sponges and ammonia lying around the bathroom?
I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I don't tell you.
It's Sendrax. They've got some new kind of technique for televising opera.
Oh, no. No, I can't go back there. Jerry.
You know, I've been thinking. I cannot envision any circumstances in which I'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again.
Master of the House. Quick to catch your eye, never wants a passerby to pass him by.
I don't think there's ever been an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up.
I can't stand doing laundry. That's why I have forty pairs of underwear.
"No thank you, I don't want coffee, it keeps me up. Too late for me to drink coffee." 
People this stupid shouldn't be allowed to live.
I don't think anyone's turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray.
I lie every second of the day. My whole life is a sham!
I'm the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is...guilty!
This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded.
I like sports. I could do something in sports.
This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done.
They refuse to put cucumber in the salad. I need cucumber.
Why can't I have a heart attack? I'm allowed.
I'm an eggplant! I'm an eggplant!
What's the deal with Aquaman? Could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water?
For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow.
You know, we're living in a society!
Every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life. And yet, I want them all.. is that irony?
That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.
Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet.
Guys with cats... I don't know.